The wonderful truths about Jehovah and his purples have touched the hearts of millions
of people of life.
This has moved many to visit the branch offices of Jehovah's Witnesses in countries around
the world.
Why are such branch offices necessary?
In order for life-giving truths to reach everyone, the preaching work must be organized.
A branch committee oversees all Bethel operations.
These brothers also look after the preaching work throughout the branch territory.
Our translation teams translate articles and videos into several local languages.
These are recorded and made available on JW4 or sent electronically for printing.
The activity of traveling overseas as well as nearly 200 special pioneers and missionaries
is coordinated by the service department.
These brothers also take care of organizing the more than 130 congregations throughout
the branch territory.
With the growth of Kingdom interests, comes a constant need for more theocratic buildings.
The local design and construction department cares for construction projects such as Kingdom
Halls and Assembly Halls.
It also cares for operating and maintaining these buildings.
Jehovah's Witnesses have a deep respect for life and one of the best possible medical
care.
The hospital information deck provides assistance with non-blood medical management.
It coordinates with hospital leaders on committees and cooperative doctors around the country.
A lack of transport and poor road conditions make it really a challenge for HRC members
to travel around the country to visit the hospitals and the clinics.
But their self-sacrificing spirit and the love they have for the brothers, along with
some fine medical presentations, have really had a positive effect on many doctors and
hospital staff who are now willing to use non-blood treatment in working with our brothers
and sisters.
So we can honestly say that we have seen Jehovah's rich bless in and direction on the work
of the HRC brothers.
All who live and work here are part of what we call the Bethel family.
We call it a family because that is how we truly feel about one another.
Just as you have your family worship every week, so the better family does the same.
We have the morning worship program.
We also have the weekly watchtower study.
Please help to keep the family spiritually strong.
They also help keep the family united.
Some Bethelites work in offices.
Others work in supportive departments.
Regardless of what job we are assigned, why are we willing and happy to be doing this
work?
Because it is a sacred service, it helps to promote the fathering of kingdom interests
and brings glory and honor to our God, Jehovah.